what is going on guys it's do here at
the return of do gaming here on YouTube
playing some MX vs atv reflex and i
needed a different track to play on so i
just went to the old ones and this is
actually stone point three so it's a
user created track but it's the third
round of the the stock tracks stone
point stone one stone point 1 and 2 g's
amarti off track but uh anyway so this
is an older track it's just a free ride
track as you can see so i was just
ripping around and actually i rode the
KTM on this summon the KTM in this game
feels really heavy to me I don't know if
I'm just crazy or what but um so I
switched it up to my suzuki which I was
riding a little bit better so anyway
though what I wanted to talk about today
was at Unadilla they actually had a demo
available for MX vs atv supercross the
new one that's supposed to come out and
uh couch racers on Twitter all have him
linked in the description he sent me a
picture i'm not sure where he got it but
it was saying that the release date is
now october 7th of this year so push
back a little bit more which is a real
bummer and if you follow me on twitter
you've probably seen that i'm getting
quite annoyed at it I think it's really
poor on the Nordics part to keep us in
the dark and they say oh it's gonna be
out September whatever and then it gets
pushed back and like no one ever
actually comes out and says hey sorry
guys looks like we're gonna push it back
and i think that uh not saying anything
is way worse than coming out and telling
the truth and saying hey it's it's
coming out a little bit later you know
anyway though um so that's the most
updated info we'll see about that my big
thing was I wanted to hit 10,000
subscribers before it came out and I'm
already there so thank you guys for that
um that's all all you guys but anyway um
there actually was a kid that snapchats
me who was at Unadilla got to play the
demo his snapchat is Garrett under / are
just wanted to give him a shout out
probably up on the screen or something
but um first off I asked him how it
looked and he said it looks a lot like
alive and I was like huh that's
interesting okay let me know if you get
to play because he hadn't got to play it
at that point and later on he snapchats
mean says it feels more realistic kind
of slick like reflex and a life combined
which is what they were telling us that
they were trying to do was a you know
mix unley
alive reflex all all the good points in
their opinion of the games together and
then um I asked him if it was good or
bad in his opinion and he said yeah it's
a good game and then he went on to say
that uh yeah they said it was coming out
October which I guess we kind of sort of
confirmed on that and then that for the
pro riders there's not all of them like
no Villopoto or read but there is
Stewart and Roxon and uh pike and
Brayton some other people and that it
has a championship series like unleashed
and I do I don't know if I even never
played on leash so I don't can't even
comment on that but a definitely some
awesome info and it sounds like he was
excited for and I don't know Garrett's
thoughts on a live versus reflex so much
he liked more but hey from his
perspective he liked the game so that's
cool um I'm sure there's many many more
of you who were at Unadilla if you
weren't you got to play the demo tell us
what you think in the comments tell us
what you thought of the little bit of
demo you got to play how the bike
handled and air all that stuff I know
everyone watching my video is going to
be really excited to read more about it
because sadly i live in colorado no way
i was making it up to New York and so I
did not get a play this demo but that's
all I really wanted to say just um but
you know there was a demo of it the
release dates coming out October it
looks like and just that from one
person's perspective it felt more slick
and kind of a Rick Wow a mix of reflex
and alive so that makes me excited and
then honestly I just want to throw in
the pro riders that doesn't really
matter to me personally because you just
place yourself like that's what I like
is creating myself and everything and
the the other players are just the names
on the leaderboard when you went finish
the race not a big deal to me but it'll
be cool if they implement that well and
have them on their actual teams and
stuff but that's all for this I hope you
guys enjoyed this and are looking
forward to Supercross I know I
definitely am and I will have many many
videos when that comes out as you guys
should already know but thank you so
much for watching and as always until
next time take it easy if it's easy take
it twice and i'll talk to you guys like